AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
You took a hit.
so it's only right you return the favor.
Thank you for giving me a chance
to redeem myself.
PERSONAL RECORD
NAME: PARK JIN-CHEOL
NAME: SUNG HAN-SOO
I'm listening.
A FEW HOURS AGO
Why don't we stir things up even more?
INTER-KOREAN GOVERNMENT TALKS
This is just ridiculous.
ASSEMBLYMAN SIM JONG-SEON. PRIME MINISTER
What?
Please explain.
Why do you
suddenly want to cancel the talks?
It's entirely because the South
isn't prepared to engage in the talks.
What do you mean?
You run your mouth
about peaceful talks and cooperation.
but you're stabbing our regime
in the back.
What did you say?
You think we don't know?
I'm talking about
Director General Ri Eung Ryeong.
As if it wasn't bad enough
that the South intercepted him.
the Republic's most wanted fugitive
has been assigned to protect him.
I'll cut to the chase.
If you don't hand over
those two traitors immediately.
not only will we cancel the talks.
but the relationship between our countries
will change drastically.
Contact General Jang right now.
Yes. sir.
EPISODE 9
ONCE A MARINE. ALWAYS A MARINE
KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
You failed…
your mission.
It was so satisfying to see
the prime minister of South Korea
tuck his tail between his legs.
Things worked out easily. thanks to you.
Now it's your turn to do me a favor.
I always keep my promises.
But there's a catch.
You must be alone. Comrade Ju.
Given that the matter
has been officially settled.
killing 66 on South Korean soil
will put us in an uncomfortable position.
There's no need to worry about that.
What do you mean. sir?
Until we secure
the ballistic missile information.
Ri Eung Ryeong must not be eliminated.
The mission has already failed.
Are you disobeying
the prime minister's orders?
We're turning 66 and Ri Eung Ryeong
over to the North.
But if 66 continues to act on his own.
it has nothing to do with us. does it?
All we have to do is sit back and watch.
He'll do anything
to see his daughter again.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Hey. about that Ass Cricket.
He handcuffed Kim. right?
Yeah.
Knowing full well that won't stop him?
I guess we don't have to help him. then.
But wouldn't it be hard for him to return?
He's dealing with serious people.
not local thugs.
Are you going?
What about you?
The punk left his phone behind.
And he took mine instead.
What? He took yours?
Yeah. he took mine.
What was he thinking?
I should go and get mine back.
Of course. you should.
Your phone is more expensive.
I'm not done paying it off either.
Then what are you waiting for?
Why. that jerk…
Hold on!
Before we go.
let's have one of these.
What's this?
It's good for your joints.
And you didn't think
to share this with me before?
Why would I?
Let's go.
Where's the car?
Hey. what's this car?
This?
A next-generation car.
A next-generation car. huh?
Let's see how it drives.
Damn it. it's the hero
who should be driving!
We sent 66 ahead to be taken care of.
It's nice to handle this
without getting our hands dirty.
Report to the South and the Party
that both Ri Eung Ryeong and 66
were subjected to summary execution.
Yes. sir.
Goodbye. you traitorous bastard.
Son of a bitch.
I had no idea you were such a big deal.
I'm sorry
I didn't treat you better last time.
You promised to turn yourself in.
Our parent meeting isn't over yet.
So you're the rat bastard
who teamed up with the North.
You're the rat bastard.
The rat bastard who betrayed his country.
We have a lot in common.
We're both good dads who would do anything
for our children.
Don't you agree?
You said you'd end me
for the sake of your daughter.
I'll do the same for my daughter
and end you.
But not here.
Put him in the trunk.
Comrade.
You have a really nice car.
Go to sleep.
I didn't really come here to help you.
Jeez.
I came to bring you your phone.
but the gunshots were so loud.
so I ended up stepping in.
Thanks.
So now what?
Ri Eung Ryeong is probably dead by now.
I don't think so.
They tried to take him alive.
Really?
This guy is really something else.
teaming up with the North.
I thought he was just an asshole.
but he's a snake too.
Where did they take Ri Eung Ryeong?
Go ahead and shoot me
if you want to leave our kids fatherless.
Shoot him.
You actually fired.
Let's make a deal.
I know why
you're looking for Ri Eung Ryeong.
If you let me live.
I'll help you find him.
Let's go.
You'd better not be lying.
Sleep well and sweet dreams.
Han-soo.
Thanks.
We want to see Min-ji walk down the aisle.
Let's go.
HOTEL
It's the North Koreans' car!
SECURITY CHECK
Let them in!
Maintain tight security.
You've got to be kidding me.
We're not their damn subordinates.
Just let it go.
I think our government is indulging them.
It makes no sense
to ban us from the inside
and only use us for perimeter security.
Did you forget
they're the most closed-off country
in the world?
That place right there
is basically North Korea.
DIPLOMATIC POUCH
DPRK. MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
WE WELCOME THE NORTH KOREAN DELEGATION
TO JUHAK HERITAGE RESORT
Jongilbong 25 has arrived
at the reception hall.
Jongilbong 25 is on Elevator 3.
Jongilbong 25 has arrived
on the 5th floor.
Jongilbong 25
is approaching the VIP suite.
has arrived at the VIP suite.
Status report. sir.
No. I'll report directly.
Goodness. Comrade Director General.
You look terrible.
Things must've been tough away from home.
Cut to the chase and get it over with.
What's the rush?
We still have plenty of time.
The first thing you should do is tell me
how much information about the missiles
you've spilled
to the South Korean puppet regime.
Fill the bathtub.
What happened?
A North Korean vehicle
arrived at the resort just now.
and we spotted them
moving a large bag inside.
It's Ri Eung Ryeong.
Military police secure the perimeter.
while NIS agents
stand guard on the inside.
The NIS agents have access to areas
where domestic staff work.
like the kitchen or laundry room.
But they're under constant surveillance
by North Korean agents.
This won't be easy.
-Hey. mister.
-Want to see?
Which floors is the North staying on?
The fourth and fifth floors.
So the North Korean delegation head
is on the fifth floor.
and they probably set up
a surveillance room on the fourth.
That's how they do things.
How are we going to get in?
Hey.
Is there an easy way to get in?
Come on. you really think he'll talk?
The condition is very simple.
If we extract Ri Eung Ryeong.
you live.
If we fail. you die.
There's a passage that goes straight
to the chairman's office.
It was built for emergencies.
so there's no CCTV either.
Really?
Hold on. it can't be that easy.
Let me take a look at you.
How do we get through the barricades?
I have clearance…
CARD ID: JU GANG-CHAN
…since I'm in charge of protocol.
Easier than I expected.
We'll locate Ri Eung Ryeong
through the CCTVs
once we get to the chairman's room.
There's a problem though.
They've disabled all the existing CCTVs
and are running their own
from the surveillance room.
We basically need to secure
the surveillance room.
Once we seize the surveillance room
and locate Ri Eung Ryeong.
I'll go in and secure him.
Then while you escape.
we'll keep them distracted.
-Me too.
-Hold on.
Getting that man
and leaving through the front entrance
won't be easy.
We'll smuggle him in a laundry truck
through the first-floor loading dock.
A laundry truck?
Laundry is my specialty.
so I'll handle that.
The laundry truck arrives at 7:20 p.m.
It leaves at 7:30 p.m. after pickup.
You'll only have ten minutes.
It won't be easy.
We have ten minutes
to locate. secure.
and get him to the loading dock.
That's easier said than done.
They check in every three minutes.
This won't be easy.
We already know it won't be easy.
Stop saying that.
Why are you so negative? You scared?
Look. you've only been on
the Taekwondo demo team.
-so you probably don't know much.
-Stop bringing that up.
-It's not that easy--
-Anyway.
We'll be ready. just in case.
We'll leave the same way we came in.
We need to get through
the barricades first.
Let's get geared up.
You need to conceal your wounds.
We're missing something.
A tranquilizer gun.
Just use them all up!
Enough…
Sorry about that.
Peace.
I'll keep you posted
on the situation outside.
Be careful. everyone.
You shot me four times.
You can manage. right?
I told you I didn't want to play
rock-paper-scissors.
You did.
You guys planned this!
-How fun.
-You planned this!
You both played scissors at the same time!
AUTHORIZED VEHICLE
JU GANG-CHAN
Ju Gang-chan.
He's the chairman of this resort.
What's the purpose of your visit?
He's here for protocol arrangements.
Have you heard about this?
No. sir.
Please lower the rear window.
I'm here on the orders
of the vice minister of National Security.
You can check.
Just a moment. please.
Chairman Ju says he's here
for protocol arrangements.
Please verify this with the vice minister.
Okay. thank you.
Here you go. sir.
Let them in.
Move the barricades.
Oh gosh. my knees.
Man. my knees.
Hey.
Are you trying to let people know
that we came through here?
RESTRICTED AREA
NO ENTRY
ACCESS RESTRICTED
GRANTED
JUHAK HERITAGE RESORT
ACCESS RESTRICTED
GRANTED
Wow. fingerprint recognition. huh?
Did you install this just for yourself?
-Why?
-Why do you think?
People with dirty secrets always make sure
they have an escape route.
-Typical.
-Jeez.
Jeez.
Go.
Man. this door is straight out of a drama.
Why would he make this?
Because he has dirty secrets.
Man. look at this place.
It's nice.
You want to switch offices with me?
Get the resort blueprints.
Three minutes
to secure the surveillance room.
No. two minutes.
This is where I can infiltrate.
How long?
I think two minutes is enough
to get to the loading dock.
Will you be all right. Sang-a?
I'll figure it out.
We'll distract them
from the opposite side.
If all this goes as planned.
we'll meet back here
in the chairman's office.
How about you put the gun away?
You shouldn't treat a civilian like this.
Besides. no one will hear me.
no matter how loud I yell.
Oh. yeah?
-Let's get started. Jin-cheol.
-You're no fun.
Testing.
All right.
It's me.
I want to order room service.
Ready. sir.
What can you prepare right now?
Yes?
Come in.
What size do you wear?
I wear a 3XL.
That's a bit small.
I feel awkward in this chef's jacket.
I'll move the second you locate
Ri Eung Ryeong.
Watch your back.
-You too.
-How do I look?
You managed to squeeze into it.
That's right. Now it's your turn.
-Come on. I'm not a contortionist.
-We don't have time.
Why do I always have to
squeeze into things?
-Mr. Park Jin-cheol won't fit in there.
-What am I. origami paper?
I keep getting folded up and shoved in.
-I'll join the circus at this rate.
-Let's go.
Be quiet.
I didn't know South Korean comrades
were so pretty.
My. she's beautiful.
Hello there.
I'm here to pick up the laundry.
INTER-KOREAN TALKS
AUTHORIZED VEHICLE
CARD ID: JEONG JAE-WOOK
Have a good one.
Let him in!
Thank you.
LAUNDRY HUB
Who is it?
Room service. sir.
Is it already time to eat?
They're a little early.
I'm hungry. Let's just eat.
I think we work well together.
My knees aren't working well though.
Surveillance room secured.
Oh. hello!
No. let's look at the file
before that one.
It's not here. see?
-Why won't you listen to me?
-Be quiet. will you?
You're making it hard to find anything.
This is so frustrating.
Let's take a look at this one.
Right there!
I think this is the bag.
-What is it?
-Let's follow it.
Where is it?
-Where is this place?
-The fifth-floor suite.
Stop.
I told you
that I didn't reveal any information.
I haven't even met
with the South Korean authorities!
So you don't count 66
as a South Korean official?
Continue.
Comrade. sir!
What is it?
The agents sent to eliminate 66
have gone missing.
What? 66…
I'm sure he'll come here.
Those South Korean bastards are outside.
-so no shooting unless necessary.
-Yes. sir.
-Follow me.
Should we continue. sir?
Bring him out.
Hey. Kim.
How much longer?
You think he's in a position
to talk right now?
Maybe this hero
should've led the infiltration instead.
We're running out of time.
Sit down.
Damn it. these guys will catch on soon.
Comrades. leave the room.
Sir?
I said leave the room.
Yes. sir.
The two agents who just left
are standing by the door.
Got it.
What do you want from me?
I believe you. Comrade Ri Eung Ryeong.
To be honest. I don't care what happens
to the missile information.
I'm going to give you a chance to live.
About the funds you funneled to Macau
for operations against the South.
You converted
eight million dollars into chips
and stored them in a private safe
at the Fanta Casino.
Just hand over the safe's access card.
Then I'll arrange for you
to be smuggled into a third country.
Just as I expected.
This is why you kept me alive.
Where's the access card?
If I hand that over right now.
then how can I make a deal with you?
I knew something like this might happen.
so I hid it in China
before coming to the South.
Don't bullshit me.
This isn't a deal.
I have the authority
to execute you on the spot.
This is your last chance.
Tell me.
Where's the access card?
I knew it.
I'd expect no less from you. 66.
You're truly the regime's finest warrior.
-No. you're--
-Be quiet
if you want to live.
Ri Eung Ryeong secured.
They won't be able to open fire easily.
Okay.
That makes things simple.
We're out of time. Let's do this.
Let's go. master chef.
Don't forget to send status updates.
There's so much laundry today.
Goodness me.
All right.
Laundry truck standing by
at the loading dock.
Hurry up.
Hey. neighbors from up north!
Your security has been breached!
How can it be so weak?
You guys are screwed now
because I'm here.
Hey. Jin-cheol.
Rock and roll!
We each get 15 guys.
Keep count. okay?
-Hey. demo team!
-I said don't bring that up!
Mr. Kim.
I haven't secured
a clear route for you yet.
The agents aren't moving.
Surveillance room. anything unusual?
Surveillance room. do you copy?
What the hell?
Follow me.
Mr. Kim. they've caught on.
They'll be there soon. Get out of there.
What about you?
We're out of time.
We move in one minute.
-Check that way.
-Yes. sir.
That son of a bitch.
He's already here.
What the hell happened?
Three of them came in and attacked us.
Three?
Secure our comms
and activate the jamming device right now.
Yes. sir!
What are you doing?
Get the surveillance cameras back up now!
Yes. sir!
ENTER ACTIVATION CODE
COMPLETE
ACTIVATION READY
Let's cut off their communication first.
Hey. Kim. How much longer until you--
NO SIGNAL
What's going on?
What's your plan now?
Hey. you guys know how to use jammers?
It means the attack starts now.
But they started attacking us a while ago.
We can end things here if we're lucky.
Did the entire North
come down here or what?
Come on. bring it!
No. just go home!
Emergency alert!
An unidentified attacker is on the move.
Move in immediately.
The unidentified attacker has entered
the emergency stairwell
on the fifth floor.
Take the stairs.
RESTORE IN PROGRESS
RESTORE COMPLETE
The cameras are back up. sir.
Get the EMP charge ready.
Sir?
You heard me!
-That was me.
-I took him down.
Don't be ridiculous!
Did we take down about 20 of them?
Yeah. sounds about right.
Then let's just say
we each took down 10. okay?
Okay.
Time's almost up.
Let's get going.
Kim should be out of here by now.
Jeez. I'm exhausted.
Who are these latecomers?
Couldn't you have just come all at once?
We can take care of them
all at once this way.
You've got a really
positive attitude sometimes.
Jin-cheol. don't…
Don't go in there alone. Jin-cheol.
-What more is there to say?
-Jin-cheol!
-Except with our fists.
-Why isn't this button working?
-Come on!
-Jin-cheol!
I guess I'll take the stairs.
Seriously. what's going on?
-Sir?
-Yes?
Are you not done yet?
Right. I'm almost done.
Is that all you've got?
Bring it on!
That doesn't hurt at all!
What's the range on this?
It'll cut power to the whole building.
WAY TO LOADING DOCK
All right. all right.
Hold on a second.
Let's talk this out.
Situation room. Come in. situation room.
Check Zone 1 and the situation room.
KITCHEN STORAGE
Get inside.
Have you looked around?
I've searched everywhere
in the reception hall but can't find them.
Where the hell
are those rat bastards hiding?
What should we do now?
Damn it. follow me.
Time's up. Why aren't they here yet?
-What about the electrician?
-They're on their way.
Sir?
Looks like you're done collecting.
Yes. I'm done.
Then you should go now. Thank you.
Right.
-I need to use the restroom.
-You can't.
We have a situation inside the resort.
Please make your way outside
for your safety.
But it'll only take a minute.
No. sir. Please go back now.
Okay.
Guess I'll have to wait until I get home.
Goodbye. then.
What the hell? Did the power go off?
-It's me.
-Move!
Lights!
Hey.
I said we should talk it out.
Lights!
It's me. Tae Geun.
I'm Jin Bok.
I'm Jin-cheol.
I'm Gwang Sun.
Get him!
You bastard!
That bastard.
Where did he go?
I said we should talk it out.
Rock and roll!
What are you doing?
Go after them right now and kill them.
I want you to kill
both 66 and Ri Eung Ryeong.
Right now!
KITCHEN STORAGE
What happened?
Run.
You guys pop out of nowhere
like cockroaches.
I didn't believe it at first.
but it really is you.
Comrade Sung Han-soo.
The sports heroes
from the North and the South meet again.
Right. I'm indeed a hero.
But I don't know who you are.
Have we met before?
We competed in different events.
but we've run into each other
at the Olympics.
Hey. that's scary.
I don't know who you are.
What was your event?
Rhythmic gymnastics?
You'll find out if you fight me.
Just save the fighting and tell me.
You don't have to tell me
if you don't want to.
Hey.
It's unfair to me
if you set it down there.
Your mouth still works fine.
The rest of my body works fine too.
Bring it.
For Min-ji's sake. I'm going to end you.
-Beg for my daughter's forgiveness.
-I'm sorry.
With all your heart.
Oh. short ribs.
I know now.
I figured it out
from your moves and your ears.
You wear tights. right?
I'm Jang Tae San.
the gold medalist in wrestling.
Jang Tae San.
You mean…
the Jang Tae San?
I didn't ask for your name
because I don't care.
This space is too small
for you to show off your footwork.
You want some?
Here you go.
You see. I run a Taekwondo studio.
But sometimes.
I teach judo.
Bring it.
What now?
For crying out loud.
I can't leave.
I really can't leave.
SPA
HINOKI BATH
No. no…
Come out.
Damn it.
What are you. a blacksmith?!
Just die!
Man. I'm so sick of this.
I'm Jang Tae San.
Nobody asked.
Why did I even volunteer to help?
This is what they get
for refusing to talk it out.
Park Jin-cheol. you've still got it.
This is rock spirit!
Man. I'm wiped.
Don't move!
You all know who I am!
Don't move. or else we all die!
Damn it.
-I fought them four to one.
-He's not back yet.
What the hell?
He's a tenacious bastard.
You untied yourself?
How?
You tied him. didn't you?
You tied… Oh. it was me.
-Hey.
-Hey. get over here.
Mister.
Why are you doing this to us?
Please let us go.
Untie us right now!
Mister.
please let us go.
Please!
You asshole!
If you so much as lay a finger on me…
your kids are dead.
Jin-cheol. let go.
Let go!
If anything happens to Da-bin.
I'm going to chew you up.
Our kids…
Where are they?
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Kim.
If you don't come.
the kids will die.
If 66 dies. the kids will live.
Do you really have a choice?
I'll give you five minutes.
Protecting the people I care about…
I'll shoot the kids myself.
Then I'll shoot 66.
Please take care…
of Min-ji.
Number 66…
must die.
Subtitle translation by: